Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Day
63. I took two days to get
direction because I'm asking the
Lord, 'What do you have
for your people? What do we need to
be praying about?'Little
pulses are
just what's coming
up to me: praying over the
terrorist attacks, praying over what
the Lord showed me. I'm going to
go over some of these things the Lord
has shown me about terrorist attacks
because a lot of you are new here
and
have not watched those old
videos. I know because they haven't
gone
up in view count, and there's
hundreds of thousands of you now versus
when
the Lord told me this stuff
back when I only had 30,000 people.
I'm going to go over them again, and you
need to know. Last
time I gave you the word for
the remnant,
for the presents that is coming.
I've been on a real steady path of
encouragement and not getting down. The
warnings that I get in my spirit
on a daily basis... I'm trying to be
encouraging during the holiday
season and telling you all hope, which is
truth. I'm not here to give you honey; I'm
here to tell the remnant
there's good days ahead for you,
but there is also a devil out there, and
there's a plan of the enemy to kill,
steal, and destroy. So I have to give
you both sides of the coin. This side
will have the potential to scare you if you're not
rooted and grounded in love, because
perfect love casts out all fear.
This is
the part that is hard to give because
there's a lot of people that go, 'Oh, the
sky's
falling, Chicken Little,'and I say no, the
not falling, but the Lord
always tells you in advance what the
enemy's trying to plot and scheme.
His job is to destroy and
to wipe out lots of people, but the Bible
says that we have power and authority
over the devil. So I'm going to put that
out there first before I tell you about
what I have seen coming again. The
Lord is warning me that this is a plan that is
afoot;
this is what
they're going to try to do in the days
ahead. This is not something that we have
averted yet, but this is something that
the enemy is going to try to do in the
near future. So we as the body have
our antennas up. We're watching on the
wall. I had a really cool email from
a guy whose son prays in the
spirit with us as he plays his violin,
and I encouraged him. Oh my goodness, he's 17
years old,
and
praying in the spirit and
playing his instrument. I'm telling
you, the Lord's going to use this young
man to do mighty things for Him with
that instrument.
You start praying in the spirit,
and the Holy Spirit's going to start
flowing through that instrument,
and you're going to see people getting
healed whenever you start playing,
just like David played
for Saul and caused the demons to go.
Worship causes demons to flee. So as you
worship on that violin and you start
playing, play with the Holy Spirit, young
man. I
believe with all my heart that God's
going to use you in a mighty way in
these last days with this younger
generation. It's exciting about your
dad and you praying in the car on the
way to school. I'm excited about that,
glory to God! That's what we're here for:
to teach
you how to stand as watchmen on the wall,
so that you'll
do it for yourself.
This isn't a
Brandon show, a Diana show,
or
a Braden show; this is a Jesus
show. He's on here to tell you
through me that you have what it takes.
That same power in the Holy Spirit
that dwells on the inside of me dwells
on the inside of you, and every
single one of you has the ability to
call down fire. Every single one of you
has
the ability to tread on serpents
and scorpions, and nothing shall by any
means hurt you. Cling to and
quote Psalm 91 and
Psalm
23. In these last days we will see
dark, dark days, but the
light has come on you. That all being
said, let me tell you what I saw and
what the Lord has warned me again
that's
coming. The Lord showed me three
men crossing the border in Arizona,
and these men, He said, were Al-Qaeda.
They are very high-ranking in the
Al-Qaeda organization.
The Lord showed me
these three men crossing the border
secretly. It looked like
mountains in the horizon,
deserty,
and it was barely
daybreak
when they crossed over. They had
people waiting for them on the other
side to take them in what
looked
like a black van, and they drove
them away out of the desert and
escaped. The Lord told me that they
are plotting and planning attacks in
America as we speak. These men, and
there are literally thousands of them
that have crossed over the border over
the course of the last four years during
Sleepy Joe's administration, and the Lord
told me that these men will
come up. When the time's been told
for them to do whatever they're going to
do, they're going to come up out of the
ground like
ants. They're
underground,
hidden somehow, and
when it's time, I saw them coming up like
red ants out of an anthill, and they
were going to do their attacks. It
was simultaneously more than one place
at one time—a bunch of
coordinated things happening to bring
fear and make people afraid to go and
live life, because you don't
know when it's going to happen next. But
these people had ill intentions to do
mass
casualties, more than 9/11. I saw
them coming up out of the dens. These
are different visions
from
different days, but they all go
together
like a puzzle. Then the Lord
showed
me them coming across the border, and
then I saw men with vials in their hands
that had
biological stuff inside of these
test tubes.
I know they weren't wearing
these garments for real, but the
Lord was showing me they were in white
turban hats and white outfits. The
Lord said they are
Al-Qaeda again. I saw them at
water
facilities, treatment plants, and lakes.
They took
a metal spoon,
and I saw them dumping the
stuff with rubber gloves on.
Just a little bit in a lake,
if it was the city's supply
and source of drinking water, would not be
detected in the facilities to filter
it. So I saw them pouring this
stuff into lake reservoirs and into
our streams. I don't know what it
is, but it affected all the water
supply.
This
was all down in the
Florida Panhandle area. I saw Georgia,
Mississippi, Alabama, and the Florida
Panhandle all lit up in the spirit
realm—the
bottom half toward the Gulf Coast.
This affected clear down through
New Orleans and Houston on
the coast because they couldn't figure
out which water was tainted and which water was not
when this event would
take place. I saw
literally
hundreds of thousands
of people
who
had drunk the water and
did not know that they were
poisoned. I saw children, because they
were smaller, get sick first; they started
bending over and died right there.
Then the mothers were trying to comfort
their children and they were weeping, and
they passed on. The fathers passed on.
Everybody in the family—it showed me it
affected the weight of
the person, so
the less you weighed, the more
it
affected
you.
That's just the way it showed,
I'm just assuming,
I don't want to add to or take away
from the vision.
I saw all these people
drinking it, and there
were
literally thousands of people
perishing.
Houston was not
affected; Houston's water plants
made all the people drink
bottled
water, but there was not enough
water from Houston all the way
across to Atlanta because there are so
many people in those areas.
People were so
scared to drink the water. Unless you had
a water well,
people in the major cities died from
lack of water because they could not get out.
There
wasn't enough water to
service all the people, so
they
were perishing from
dehydration.
All the people who
passed away had to be put in
bags. I saw mass graves the
size of football fields—humongous holes
dug with them lining the bodies up
because there weren't enough funeral
homes or enough
way
to freeze the bodies.
By government order, they put all
of these bodies inside of a massive hole.
I know this is alarming,
but I'm just warning you what I've
seen. They put a
massive, humongous eagle statue with its
wings spread out
on a
granite
monument,
giving them
true
honor and tribute to the
fallen.
I
saw the United States and all the writing on
it in this
one place where all the bodies were.
It was a massive
field. The people in these other
cities did not have enough water unless
they
had a well. People who
had a water well had lines of people
they were trying to help,
but it still was not enough. We're
talking millions of people from Houston
and
New Orleans all the way to Atlanta and
Tallahassee. This
event
was very serious.
I've seen this happening
with terrorist activity, so I'm going
to go over the terrorist things
I've seen.
I was shown a
massive barge coming
from what looked like Africa. These
terrorists took over the
boat, and nobody knew. They
hijacked the
boat
and
eliminated all the
crew. They had a
briefcase device in the belly of this
boat
and they brought
it
clear into the Virginia area.
Whenever it got into the
ports, they set this
thing off.
There was some kind of
oil substance inside of this shipping
container which caused
a catastrophic,
dirty device thing. It caused radiation
all over that area. I saw this
boat come in, and it was a
planned
attack in the
Virginia
and
Washington D.C. area.
It was a massive boat,
dirty-looking,
with
a
black
paint jaw on top and
rusty-looking at the bottom.
Then
I
saw
an attack on the Golden Gate
Bridge.
I saw
Asian
men on the Golden Gate Bridge putting
devices on it, acting like
construction
workers.
They
had hard hats on
and
looked
like utility workers checking on
the
bridge,
and they took the whole thing
out.
The next
thing the Lord showed
me was an old shipping container
barge that carries
grain coming down the Mississippi
River.
These men were Asian, and
the
barge was
rusted out and not well-taken
care of. Inside
was
a
platform and a device to lift up
rocket—a
secret plan. On this rocket,
written
in
black letters on
a
white part,
was
'USSR'.
It shot out
into the Gulf of Mexico
over
Tennessee, Kentucky, New York,
and
Pennsylvania.
I kept hearing in the spirit,
'It's not getting high
enough.'It
detonated over a lower part and
sent an EMP blast all over that area. It
didn't
get high enough to affect
more than what they wanted;
the lower altitude only affected a
small
area. When this
happened, all the electricity was off in
that area, but the further it went
out, the power wasn't as affected.
Cell phones were gone,
but there
were
landlines if you had one
in places
like Oklahoma, Texas,
Kansas, and parts of Arkansas. The
further you went west, the more
everything was okay. The further you
went east, it was not okay.
Further south, parts of
the
Florida Panhandle, Miami and all, weren't affected. In this vision, I
went to
the refrigerator
and checked
to see
if
the power
was
on.
A
friend,
a police officer at the
church, called to ask
if we had power.
I could see the
trees had leaves, so I believe it was in the
late summer or
fall
during harvest time.
The
leaves were still on the sycamores.
So,
I'm going back over
these things and
asking
God if this is
still active. Praying
over New Year's Eve, praying
over major
crowds... I saw
them
planning—and
I
have to be careful how I say
this—people
assigned
to
mega-churches
going in and doing mass
things.
Terrorists
hitting certain ones in North
Carolina
and
Tampa.
I saw them walk into a church,
fire
three shots, and hit
a
well-known
preacher in
the chest.
I've prayed over him and his wife
for
supernatural covering.
I don't say this to
scare you; I say it because I see
it coming and I have to pray.
2025 has the
potential for some of this,
so we come against it and intercede
that mass things do
not take place at churches during Easter
or Christmas
services.
It was trying to represent a
time when people were gathered
together, like big church crowds in
places
like
Houston.
We
pray
that
no weapon
formed against these major churches
will prosper. It's all
about fear, control,
and
intimidation to get you
to
not want to
serve
the
Lord.
We
take
authority over
the demonic spirits
behind the people.
The devil
has
to use a human body as an apparatus.
He
uses personalities and
principalities
to get his agenda done.
We
take authority over these things
in
our
area and our churches. I
am
thankful for
pastors who have armed security. At
our last church, we
had two off-duty police officers,
Officer Hugh
and Officer Greenwood.
They
helped me
lock down the building
and
check
the bathrooms.
I believe it's
wisdom to have armed security
in these days.
I
believe in the Second Amendment and
the right to bear
arms.
It's our job to protect our
loved ones and
our
congregations,
especially
with
people who
are trained, not just ushers.
Then the Lord showed me
a massive
terrorist attack at the
opera house in
Sydney, Australia. A
major explosion
took place
to strike fear in the Australian people.
Outside, there were terrorists hurting people
with
semi-automatic
weapons.
I know
they're not allowed to have
firearms in Australia, so
I have no idea how they got
them, but
this
is the vision the Lord showed me. I tell you because I have to intercede, and you can pray too. I told you what the Lord showed me about
the virus, and
you can
see it on the news with
the
bird flu.
Let
me pray over you
that all
these hidden things will be
revealed and exposed.
We
pray for protection for Trump,
for the
Vice President, and for the cabinet. We pray for
supernatural
protection over our Supreme Court,
the
FBI, Homeland Security,
and
the
CIA—for
godly people in there to
expose the darkness. We
are
getting down to
days until
the
inauguration.
Father, I thank You
for the
warnings, not
to scare us, but
so
we
can
take authority and
bind the
wicked.
We
thank You
that no weapon formed
against us
will
prosper.
We
pray
over
our pastors—Rodney
Howard-Browne,
Steven
Furtick,
and
others.
We take
authority over principalities and powers.
We
pray over
the churches in
general—Baptist,
Methodist,
every tribe and tongue.
We pray that
they are
protected
during this Christmas
season.
We
thank You, Lord, that our
marriages are restored
and
that
there is wisdom
for
parents to lead
their teenagers.
We
thank
You for
a
supernatural impartation of glory into the youth
of this generation. We
pray that they keep
themselves pure and
holy.
We
pray
that
they
would
not
be intimidated by peer pressure.
We
pray
that
they
keep their eyes pure
from
the
trash
on
the
internet.
We
thank You
for Your
protection over this nation.
Lord,
expose
the
plans
of
the
wicked
before
they
have
the
opportunity
to
do
them.
We pray over
the bowl
games,
the
Super Bowl,
and
the Rose
Bowl Parade.
We
pray over
Israel.
We
pray
for
divine delays when
needed.
We
thank You
that
there
is
no strife in the homes
this
Christmas.
We
thank
You
for
traveling mercies,
with
no car
accidents or
delays
in
the
airports.
We
thank You
for healing
over their
bodies—no
colds, no viruses, no snotty noses, no
Covids.
We
have a Holy Ghost shield over us. We
walk in divine
health and protection.
We
pray
for
our
nations.
I'm excited about the new Korea, Vietnam, and China
channels. Asia needs to
have
hope.
The
word that delivered people 2,000 years
ago is delivering people today.
We give
all the glory to Jesus.
Thank
you for your support.
Merry Christmas!
Happy Birthday, Jesus! We love You,
Lord.
Put a smile on your face;
Jesus loves you.
God bless you all.
It's
here.
It's awesome. Goodbye.